README DESCRIBING HOW TO USE PROJECT:
To use this program, the user would simply watch the traffic until they saw one of the four identified types of vehicles:
truck, SUV, hybrid, or bicycle. Once they saw one of these four vehicles, they would click the add Click button however
many times correlates with that particular vehicle. For example, an SUV requires 2 clicks. After the add Click button
has been clicked the required number of times, the use would then go to their desired vehicle button and click that one
as well. If done correctly, the user should see a pop-up that notifies them they have added that particular vehicle. If
something was done incorrectly, the user will be notified they added an insufficient number of clicks. In this case, the
user would simply need to add the required additional clicks then click the desired vehicle button again. The user can
also see on the right side of the vehicle button how many of that particular vehicle can be expected to be see on any given
day to compare their data collection with what is typically seen. I designed this code to be as user-friendly as possible
so if any problems arise the directions to correct them are easy and direct.
# finalProject

WRITTEN PORTION OF FINAL PROJECT (3 PAGES IN A WORD DOCUMENT)
  The LA that approved of my topic for my final is Trevor Thomazin. I attended his office hours on a Thursday morning and we discussed the topic and how it would work with coding. I am a civil engineering major and I decided I wanted to write code that documented traffic information at an intersection. I wanted to specifically document the number of specific vehicles (SUVs, trucks, hybrids, and bicycles) that are found at the intersection over a 6-hour period. I will be taking a class in the next couple semesters regarding traffic so this seemed like a good project topic to get ready for that class. I have seen videos of engineers that work with documenting traffic and I believe they have equipment that is similar to what I attempted to code.
	This project was rather difficult for me. I do not really know anyone else that is taking the class so I was never able to find a partner. I think having a partner for this project would have made things run a lot smoother so I could bounce ideas off of someone else. I originally wanted to make my traffic code similar to what Quinn made for her sample final project but ultimately decided that I would rather have code that could be used to collect data rather than analyze data that was already collected. I pictured the code I wrote actually being used at an actual intersection by an engineer.
	I used the Lab 10 directions to get me started on writing this code. It was interesting to me to compare how similar code could be for making a vending machine and making a machine that keeps track of different kinds of vehicles found at an intersection. Some major points that I emphasized in writing my code is convenience for the engineer or person conducting the research. I pictured the person holding the laptop or electronic device in their hand and where the buttons should be placed so it is easier for them to click what they need and continue watching traffic. For example, I made the add click button rather large and on the bottom right hand side for convenience. I also put in the reminder underneath the four buttons to remind the user that the numbers they see on the left of the buttons are the number of clicks required to submit a vehicle and the number on the right is the number of that particular vehicle that is typically seen on a normal day.
	I decided to have the user put in the number of clicks before clicking the actual vehicle as a way to prevent human error. It serves as extra security to make sure the user is actually putting in what they intend. For example, a user wants to put in that they saw a truck. They put in the correct number of clicks but then actually clicks the SUV button. The code will not allow for the vehicle to be submitted because the clicks and the selection do not match up. This double-check simply ensures that the user is actually submitting what they intend to do. I thought this was a good addition to the system because the user would likely be keeping their eyes on the traffic so having an extra safety measure to make sure the submission is accurate would be important.
	One of the biggest problems I ran into was getting all of the positions to line up the way I wanted to, especially since I wanted to line them up for convenience of the user. I used a guess-and-check method to get the buttons and text where I wanted them which was very time-consuming. Another major problem I ran into was a lack of people to bounce my ideas off of. A lot of problems I ran into were the weekend before the project was due so I was not able to attend office hours to resolve any issues. I wish I would have known someone in the class or reached out to find a partner but I think this situation made me work even harder on the code which is good. 
	GUIs will certainly be helpful in the future especially as an engineering major. It seems to me that a big part of engineering is making life easier for everyone else. GUIs are essentially writing code so that someone else can use the result easily. I could write a GUI to help not only engineers like I did for my final project but also for civilians. Also like I stated before, I could write a GUI that could collect data or analyze data. There are so many uses for GUIs and I could certainly see myself using them in the years to come both in college and beyond. 

